{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10240}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 1\par
House of Wax\par
2005\par
R\par
113 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Jaume Collet-Serra\par
Chad Michael Murray, Paris Hilton\par
A group of unwitting teens are stranded near a strange wax museum and soon must fight to survive and keep from becoming the next exhibit.\par
\par
2\par
I know What You Did Last Summer\par
1997\par
R\par
101 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Jim Gillespie\par
Jennifer Love Hewitt, Sarah Michelle Gellar\par
Four teens are in great danger one year after their car hits a stranger whose body they dump in the sea.\par
\par
3\par
I Still Know What You Did Last Summer\par
1998\par
R\par
100 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Danny Cannon\par
Jennifer Love Hewitt, Freddie Prinze Jr.\par
The murderous fisherman with a hook is back to once again stalk the two surviving teens, Julie and Ray, who left him for dead, as well as cause even more murder and mayhem, this time at a posh island resort.\par
\par
4\par
I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer\par
2006\par
R\par
92 min\par
Horror \par
Sylvain White\par
Brooke Nevin, David Paetkau\par
A group of teenagers in Colorado find themselves being stalked and killed one by one by a mysterious figure with a hook, exactly one year after they covered up a friend's accidental death.\par
\par
5\par
Shaun of the Dead\par
2004\par
R\par
99 min\par
Horror\par
Edgar Wright\par
Simon Pegg, Nick Frost\par
A man decides to turn his moribund life around by winning back his ex-girlfriend, reconciling his relationship with his mother, and dealing with an entire community that has returned from the dead to eat the living.\par
\par
6\par
The Strangers\par
2008\par
R\par
86 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Bryan Bertino\par
Scott Speedman, Liv Tyler\par
A young couple staying in an isolated vacation home are terrorized by three unknown assailants.\par
\par
7\par
The Last House on the Left\par
2009\par
R\par
110 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Dennis Iliadis\par
Garret Dillahunt, Monica Potter\par
After kidnapping and brutally assaulting two young women, a gang unknowingly finds refuge at a vacation home belonging to the parents of one of the victims: a mother and father who devise an increasingly gruesome series of revenge tactics.\par
\par
8\par
Hostel\par
2005\par
R\par
94 min\par
Horror\par
Eli Roth\par
Jay Hernandez, Derek Richardson\par
Three backpackers head to a Slovak city that promises to meet their hedonistic expectations, with no idea of the hell that awaits them.\par
\par
9\par
Hostel: Part II\par
2007\par
R\par
94 min\par
Horror\par
Eli Roth\par
Lauren German, Heather Matarazzo\par
Three American college students studying abroad are lured to a Slovakian hostel, and discover the grim reality behind it.\par
\par
10\par
Hostel: Part III\par
2011\par
R\par
88 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Scott Spiegel\par
Kip Pardue, Brian Hallisay\par
While attending a bachelor party in Las Vegas, four friends are enticed by two sexy escorts to join them at a private party way off the Strip.\par
\par
11\par
I Spit on Your Grave\par
2010\par
R\par
108 min\par
Horror / Thriller / Crime\par
Steven R. Monroe\par
Sarah Butler, Jeff Branson\par
A writer who is brutalized during her cabin retreat seeks revenge on her attackers, who left her for dead.\par
\par
12\par
I Spit on Your Grave 2\par
2013\par
R\par
106 min\par
Horror / Thriller / Crime\par
Steven R. Monroe\par
Jemma Dallender, Joe Absolom\par
When Katie innocently accepts an offer to have new photos taken for her portfolio, the experience quickly turns into a nightmare of rape, torture and kidnapping. Now, she will have to find the strength to exact her brutal revenge.\par
\par
13\par
I Spit on Your Grace: Vengeance is Mine\par
2015\par
Rated R\par
92 min\par
Horror / Thriller / Crime\par
R.D. Braunstein\par
Jennifer Landon, Doug McKeon\tab\par
Jennifer Hills is still tormented by the brutal sexual assault she endured years ago. She's changed identities and cities, reluctantly joining a support group where she begins to piece together.\par
\par
14\par
Children of the Corn\par
1984\par
R\par
92 min\par
Horror \par
Fritz Kiersch\par
Peter Horton, Linda Hamilton\par
A young couple is trapped in a remote town where a dangerous religious cult of children believe everyone over the age of 18 must be killed.\par
\par
15\par
Children of the Corn II: The Final Sacrifice\par
1992\par
R\par
92 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
David Price\par
Terence Knox, Paul Scherrer\par
A journalist and his son travel to Nebraska to investigate the mysterious town of Gaitlin where, unbeknownst to them, a murderous cult of children are waiting in the corn fields.\par
\par
16\par
Children of the Corn III: Urban Harvest\par
1995\par
R\par
92 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
James D.R. Hickox\par
Daniel Cerny, Ron Melendez\par
Two brothers, formerly of the murderous children's cult of Gatlin Nebraska, are taken to Chicago by an unwitting couple.\par
\par
17\par
Children of the Corn: The Gathering\par
1996\par
R\par
85 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Greg Spence\par
Naomi Watts, Jamie Renee Smith\par
All the kids in a town over night become feverish and have convulsions. The next day they start to become evil, change their names for those of kids killed long ago, and then start killing.\par
\par
18\par
Children of the Corn V: Fields of Terror\par
1998\par
R\par
83 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Ethan Willey\par
Stacy Galina, Alexis Arquette\par
Six college students take a wrong turn and find themselves lost in a strangely deserted rural town... only to discover that this deceptively quiet place hides a murderous cult of children.\par
\par
19\par
Children of the Corn 666: Isaac's Return\par
1999\par
R\par
82 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Kari Skogland\par
Natalie Ramsey, Gary Bullock\par
Hannah goes back to her hometown (Gatlin) to find out who her mother is, but on the way she picks up a strange man who fore-shadows her life with a passage from the bible. \par
\par
20\par
Children of the Corn: Revelation\par
2001\par
R\par
82 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Guy Magar\par
Claudette Mink, Kyle Cassie\par
When a girl named Jamie repeatedly tries to contact her grandmother to no avail, she investigates by going to her apartment in Omaha Nebraska....only to find that it's been condemned.\par
\par
21\par
Children of the Corn: Genesis\par
2011\par
R\par
80 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Joel Soisson\par
J.J. Banicki, Diane Peterson\par
A young couple tries to free an imprisoned child with catastrophic results.\par
\par
22\par
IT\par
1990\par
R\par
192 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Drama\par
Steven King\par
Richard Thomas, Tim Reid\par
In 1960, seven outcast kids known as "The Loser Club" fight an evil demon who poses as a child-killing clown. 30 years later, they are called back to fight the same clown again.\par
\par
23\par
Cujo\par
1983\par
R\par
93 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Lewis Teague\par
Dee Wallace, Daniel Hugh\par
A friendly St. Bernard named "Cujo" contracts rabies and conducts a reign of terror on a small American town.\par
\par
24\par
Christine\par
1983\par
R\par
110 min\par
Horror / Drama\par
John Carpenter\par
Keith Gordon, John Stockwell\par
A nerdish boy buys a strange car with an evil mind of its own and his nature starts to change to reflect it.\par
\par
25\par
Pet Sematary\par
1989\par
R\par
103 min\par
Horror\par
Mary Lambert\par
Dale Midkiff, Denise Crosby\par
Behind a young family's home in Maine is a terrible secret that holds the power of life after death. When tragedy strikes, the threat of that power soon becomes undeniable.\par
\par
26\par
Pet Sematary 2\par
1992\par
R\par
100 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Mary Lambert\par
Edward Furlong, Anthony Edwards\par
The ancient Indian cemetery with the power to raise the dead returns and influences the lives of new residents.\par
\par
27\par
Constantine\par
2005\par
R\par
121 min\par
Horror / Drama\par
Francis Lawrence\par
Keanu Reeves, Rachel Weisz\par
Constantine tells the story of irreverent supernatural detective John Constantine, who has literally been to hell and back.\par
\par
28\par
The Amityville Horror\par
2005\par
R\par
90 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Andrew Douglas\par
Ryan Reynolds, Melissa George\par
Newlyweds are terrorized by demonic forces after moving into a large house that was the site of a grisly mass murder a year before.\par
\par
29\par
The Grudge\par
2004\par
PG-13\par
91 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Takashi Shimizu\par
Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jason Behr\par
An American nurse living and working in Tokyo is exposed to a mysterious supernatural curse, one that locks a person in a powerful rage before claiming their life and spreading to another victim.\par
\par
30\par
The Grudge 2\par
2006\par
PG-13\par
102 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Takashi Shimizu\par
Amber Tamblyn, Edison Chen\par
Three interwoven stories about a terrible curse. A young woman encounters a malevolent supernatural force while searching for her missing sister in Tokyo; a mean high school prank goes horribly wrong; a woman with a deadly secret moves into a Chicago apartment building.\par
\par
31\par
The Grudge 3\par
2009\par
R\par
90 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Toby Wilkins\par
Matthew Knight, Shawnee Smith\par
A young Japanese woman who holds the key to stopping the evil spirit of Kayako, travels to the haunted Chicago apartment from the sequel, to stop the curse of Kayako once and for all.\par
\par
32\par
The Ring Two\par
2005\par
PG-13\par
110 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Hideo Nakata\par
Naomi Watts, David Dorfman\par
Six months after the incidents involving the lethal videotape, new clues prove that there is a new evil lurking in the darkness.\par
\par
33\par
Silent Hill\par
2006\par
R\par
125 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Christophe Gans\par
Radha Mitchell, Laurie Holden\par
A woman goes in search for her daughter, within the confines of a strange, desolate town called Silent Hill. Based on the video game.\par
\par
34\par
Silent Hill: Revelation 3D\par
2012\par
R\par
95 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Michael J. Bassett\par
Adelaide Clemens, Kit Harington\par
When her father disappears, Heather Mason is drawn into a strange and terrifying alternate reality that holds answers to the horrific nightmares that have plagued her since childhood.\par
\par
35\par
Would You Rather\par
2012\par
Unrated\par
93 min\par
Horror\par
David Guy Levy\par
Brittany Snow, June Squibb\par
Desperate to help her ailing brother, a young woman unknowingly agrees to compete in a deadly game of "Would You Rather," hosted by a sadistic aristocrat.\par
\par
36\par
The Den\par
2013\par
R\par
81 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Zachary Donohue\par
Melanie Papalia, Adam Shapiro\par
While studying the habits of web cam chat users from the apparent safety of her own home, a young woman's life begins to spiral out of control after witnessing a grisly murder online.\par
\par
37\par
1408\par
2007\par
PG-13\par
104 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Mikael Hafstrom\par
John Cusack, Samuel L. Jackson\par
A man who specializes in debunking paranormal occurrences checks into the fabled room 1408 in the Dolphin Hotel. Soon after settling in, he confronts genuine terror.\par
\par
38\par
The Mist\par
2007\par
R\par
126 min\par
Horror / Thriller / Sci-Fi\par
Frank Darabont\par
Thamos Jane, Marcia Gay Harden\par
A freak storm unleashes a species of blood-thirsty creatures on a small town, where a small band of citizens hole up in a supermarket and fight for their lives.\par
\par
39\par
Clown\par
2014\par
R\par
100 min\par
Horror / Drama\par
Jon Watts\par
Eli Roth, Peter Stormare\par
A loving father finds a clown suit for his son's birthday party, only to realize that it is not a suit at all.\par
\par
40\par
Cabin Fever \par
2002\par
R\par
93 min\par
Horror\par
Eli Roth\par
Jordan Ladd, Rider Strong\par
A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals.\par
\par
41\par
Cabin Fever 2: Spring Fever\par
2009\par
R\par
86 min\par
Horror / Sci-Fi\par
Ti West\par
Rider Strong, Noah Segan\par
A high school prom faces a deadly threat: a flesh-eating virus that spreads via a popular brand of bottled water.\par
\par
42\par
Cabin Fever: Patient Zero\par
2014\par
Unrated\par
91 min\par
Horror / Thriller / Sci-Fi\par
Kaare Andrews\par
Sean Astin, Currie Graham\par
When a group of friends enjoying a bachelor cruise in the Caribbean stumble upon a research facility on a remote island, a deadly virus is unleashed. The group must find a way to survive before the flesh eating virus consumes them all.\par
\par
43\par
See No Evil\par
2006\par
R\par
84 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Gregory Dark\par
Glenn Jacobs, Christina Vidal\par
A group of delinquents are sent to clean the Blackwell Hotel. Little do they know reclusive psychopath Jacob Goodnight (Jacobs) has holed away in the rotting hotel. When one of the teens is captured, those who remain -- a group that includes the cop who put a bullet in Goodnight's head four years ago -- band together to survive against the brutal killer.\par
\par
44\par
See No Evil 2\par
2014\par
R\par
90 min\par
Horror\par
Jen Soska\par
Glenn Jacobs, Danielle Harris\par
A group of friends pays a late-night visit to the city morgue to surprise Amy (Harris) on her birthday. But the surprise is on them when the one-eyed corpse of brutal psychopath Jacob.\par
\par
45\par
Devil\par
2010\par
PG-13\par
80 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Drama\par
John Erick Dowdle\par
Chris Messina, Caroline Dhavernas\par
A group of people are trapped in an elevator and the Devil is mysteriously amongst them.\par
\par
46\par
Signs\par
2002\par
PG-13\par
106 min\par
Horror / Drama / Sci-Fi\par
M. Night Shyamalan\par
Mel Gibson, Joaquin Phoenix\par
A family living on a farm finds mysterious crop circles in their fields which suggests something more frightening to come.\par
\par
47\par
The Village\par
2004\par
PG-13\par
108 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Drama\par
M. Night Shyamalan\par
Sigourney Weaver, William Hurt\par
The population of a small, isolated countryside village believe that their alliance with the mysterious creatures that inhabit the forest around them is coming to an end.\par
\par
48\par
The Crazies\par
2010\par
R\par
101 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Breck Eisner\par
Radha Mitchell, Timothy Olyphant\par
About the inhabitants of a small Iowa town suddenly plagued by insanity and then death after a mysterious toxin contaminates their water supply.\par
\par
49\par
Land of the Dead\par
2005\par
R\par
93 min\par
Horror\par
George A. Romero\par
John Leguizamo, Asia Argento\par
The living dead have taken over the world, and the last humans live in a walled city to protect themselves as they come to grips with the situation.\par
\par
50\par
31\par
2016\par
R\par
90 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Rob Zombie\par
Sheri Moon Zombie. Malcolm McDowell\par
Five people are kidnapped on the days leading up to Halloween and held hostage in a place called Murder World. While trapped, they must play a violent game called 31 where the mission is to survive 12 hours against a gang of evil clowns.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 