{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10240}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Movie Desc 100 - 120\par
ORDER BY movie_title ASC\par
1\par
Paranormal Activity 4\par
2012\par
R\par
88 min\par
Horror\par
Henry Joost\par
Stephen Dunham, Katie Featherston\par
It has been five years since the disappearance of Katie and Hunter, and a suburban family witness strange events in their neighborhood when a woman and a mysterious child move in.\par
\par
2\par
Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones\par
2014\par
R\par
84 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Christopher Landon\par
Andrew Jacobs, Jorge Diaz\par
Jesse begins experiencing a number of disturbing and unexplainable things after the death of his neighbor. As he investigates, it isn't long before Jesse finds he's been marked for possession by a malevolent demonic entity, and it's only a matter of time before he is completely under its control.\par
\par
3\par
Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension\par
2015\par
R\par
88 min\par
Horror\par
Gregory Plotkin\par
Chris J. Murray, Brit Shaw\par
Using a special camera that can see spirits, a family must protect their daughter from an evil entity with a sinister plan.\par
\par
4\par
Crimson Peak\par
2015\par
R\par
119 min\par
Horror / Drama\par
Guillermo del Toro\par
Mia Wasikowska, Jassica Chastain\par
In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds - and remembers.\par
\par
5\par
Friday the 13th: Final Chapter\par
1984\par
R\par
91 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Joseph Zito\par
Erich Anderson, Judie Aronson\par
After being mortally wounded and taken to the morgue, murderer Jason Voorhees spontaneously revives and embarks on a killing spree as he makes his way back to his home at Camp Crystal Lake.\par
\par
6\par
Friday the 13th: A New Beginning\par
1985\par
R\par
92 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Danny Steinmann\par
Melanie Kinnaman, John Shepherd\par
Still haunted by his past, Tommy Jarvis - who, as a child, killed Jason Voorhees - wonders if the serial killer is connected to a series of brutal murders occurring in and around the secluded halfway house where he now lives.\par
7\par
Jason Lives: Friday the 13th Part VI\par
1986\par
R\par
86 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Tom McLoughlin\par
Thom Mathews, Jennifer Cooke\par
Tommy Jarvis goes to the graveyard to get rid of Jason Voorhees' body once and for all, but inadvertently brings him back to life instead. The newly revived killer once again seeks revenge, and Tommy may be the only one who can defeat him.\par
\par
8\par
Friday the 13th Part VII: New Blood\par
1988\par
R\par
88 min \par
Horror\par
John Carl Buechler\par
Jennifer Banko, John Otrin\par
Years after Tommy Jarvis chained him underwater at Camp Crystal Lake, Jason Voorhees returns to the camp grounds when he is accidentally released from his prison by a teenager with psychic powers.\par
\par
9\par
Friday the 13th PartVIII: Jason Takes Manhattan\par
1989\par
R\par
100 min\par
Horror\par
Rob Hedden\par
Jensen Daggett, Kane Hodder\par
A passing boat bound for New York pulls Jason Voorhees along for the ride. Look out New York, here comes hell in a hockey mask.\par
\par
10\par
Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday\par
1993\par
R\par
87 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Adam Marcus\par
John D. LeMay, Kane Hodder\par
Serial killer Jason Voorhees' supernatural origins are revealed.\par
\par
11\par
Jason X\par
2001\par
R\par
91 min\par
Horror / Thriller / Sci-Fi\par
James Issac\par
Kane Hodder, Lexa Doig\par
Jason Voorhees returns with a new look, a new machete, and his same murderous attitude as he is awakened on a spaceship in the 25th century.\par
\par
12\par
Friday the 13th\par
2009\par
R\par
97 min\par
Horror\par
Marcus Nispel\par
Jared Padalecki, Amanada Righetti\par
A group of young adults discover a boarded up Camp Crystal Lake, where they soon encounter Jason Voorhees and his deadly intentions.\par
\par
13\par
Halloween II\par
1981\par
R\par
92 min\par
Horror\par
Rick Rosenthal\par
Jamie Lee Curtis, Donald Pleasence\par
While Sheriff Brackett and Dr. Loomis hunt for Michael Myers, a traumatized Laurie is rushed to hospital, and the serial killer is not far behind her.\par
\par
14\par
Halloween III: Season of the Witch\par
1982\par
R\par
98 min\par
Horror / Sci-Fi\par
Tommy Lee Wallace\par
Tom Atkins, Stacey Nelkin\par
Kids all over America want Silver Shamrock masks for Halloween. Doctor Daniel Challis seeks to uncover a plot by Silver Shamrock owner Conal Cochran.\par
\par
15\par
Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers\par
1988\par
R\par
88 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Dwight H. Little\par
Donald Pleasence, Ellie Cornell\par
Ten years after his original massacre, the invalid Michael Myers awakens and returns to Haddonfield to kill his seven-year-old niece on Halloween. Can Dr. Loomis stop him?\par
\par
16\par
Halloween 5\par
1989\par
X\par
96 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Dominique Othenin-Girard\par
Donald Pleasence, Danielle Harris\par
Set one year after the events of Halloween 4, Michael Myers returns to Haddonsfield once again to try and kill his niece.\par
\par
17\par
Halloween H20: 20 Years Later\par
1998\par
R\par
86 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Steve Miner\par
Jamie Lee Curtis, Josh Hartnett\par
Laurie Strode, now the dean of a Northern California private school with an assumed name, must battle the Shape one last time and now the life of her own son hangs in the balance.\par
\par
18\par
Halloween: Resurrection\par
2002\par
R\par
89 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Rick Rosenthal\par
Jamie Lee Curtis, Busta Rhymes\par
Three years after he last terrorized his sister, Michael Myers confronts her again, before traveling to Haddonfield to deal with the cast and crew of a reality show which is being broadcast from his old home.\par
\par
19\par
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2\par
1986\par
X\par
101 min\par
Horror\par
Tobe Hooper\par
Dennis Hopper, Caroline Williams\par
A radio host is victimized by the cannibal family as a former Texas Marshall hunts them.\par
\par
20\par
Leatherface: Texas Chainsaw Massacre III\par
1990\par
X\par
85 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Jeff Burr\par
Kate Hodge, Ken Foree\par
A California couple and a survivalist encounter the cannibal family.\par
\par
21\par
Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation\par
1994\par
R\par
93 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Kim Henkel\par
Renee Zellweger, Matthew McConaughey\par
A group of teenagers get into a car crash in the Texas woods on prom night, and then wander into an old farmhouse that is home to Leatherface and his insane family of cannibalistic psychopaths.\par
\par
22\par
Knock Knock\par
2015\par
R\par
99min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
Eli Roth\par
Keanu Reeves, Lorenza Izzo\par
When a devoted husband and father is left home alone for the weekend, two stranded young women unexpectedly knock on his door for help. What starts out as a kind gesture results in a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse.\par
\par
23\par
The Green Inferno\par
2013\par
R\par
100 min\par
Horror\par
Eli Roth\par
Lorenza Izzo, Ariel Levy\par
A group of student activists travels to the Amazon to save the rain forest and soon discover that they are not alone, and that no good deed goes unpunished.\par
\par
24\par
The Visit\par
2015\par
PG-13\par
94 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
M. Night Shyamalan\par
Olivia DeJonge, Ed Oxenbould\par
A single mother finds that things in her family's life go very wrong after her two young children visit their grandparents.\par
\par
25\par
The Gift\par
2015\par
R\par
108 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Joel Edgerton\par
Jason Bateman, Rebecca Hall\par
A young married couple's lives are thrown into a harrowing tailspin when an acquaintance from the husband's past brings mysterious gifts and a horrifying secret to light after more than 20 years.\par
\par
26\par
Tales of Halloween\par
2015\par
R\par
92 min\par
Horror\par
Darren Lynn Bousman\par
Booboo Stewart, Cerina Vincent\par
Ten stories are woven together by their shared theme of Halloween night in an American suburb, where ghouls, imps, aliens and axe murderers appear for one night only to terrorize unsuspecting residents.\par
\par
27\par
Sleepy Hollow\par
1999\par
R\par
105 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Drama\par
Tim Burton\par
Johnny Depp, Christina Ricci\par
Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate the decapitations of 3 people with the culprit being the legendary apparition, the Headless Horseman.\par
\par
28\par
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street\par
2007\par
R\par
116 min\par
Horror / Drama\par
Tim Burton\par
Johnny Depp, Helena Bonham\par
The infamous story of Benjamin Barker, AKA Sweeney Todd, who sets up a barber shop down in London which is the basis for a sinister partnership with his fellow tenant, Mrs. Lovett. Based on the hit Broadway musical.\par
\par
29\par
Secret Window\par
2004\par
PG-13\par
96 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
David Koepp\par
Johnny Depp, Maria Bello\par
A writer is accused for plagiarism by a strange man, who then starts haunting him for "justice."\par
\par
30\par
The Vatican Tapes\par
2015\par
PG-13\par
91 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Mark Neveldine\par
Olivia Taylor Dudley, Michael Pena\par
A priest and two Vatican exorcists must do battle with an ancient satanic force to save the soul of a young woman.\par
\par
31\par
The Gallows\par
2015\par
R\par
81 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Travis Cluff\par
Reese Mishler, Pfeifer Brown\par
20 years after a horrific accident during a small town school play, students at the school resurrect the failed show in a misguided attempt to honor the anniversary of the tragedy - but soon discover that some things are better left alone.\par
\par
32\par
Scream 2\par
1997\par
R\par
120 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Wes Craven\par
Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox\par
Two years after the first series of murders, a new psychopath dons the Ghostface costume and a new string of killings begins.\par
\par
33\par
Scream 3\par
2000\par
R\par
116 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Wes Craven\par
David Arquette, Neve Campbell\par
While Sidney and her friends visit the Hollywood set of Stab 3, the third film based on the Woodsboro murders, a new Ghostface begins to terrorize them once again.\par
\par
34\par
Scream 4\par
2011\par
R\par
111 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Wes Craven\par
Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox\par
Ten years have passed, and Sidney Prescott, who has put herself back together thanks in part to her writing, is visited by the Ghostface Killer.\par
\par
35\par
Final Destination\par
2000\par
R\par
98 min\par
Horror\par
James Wong\par
Devon Sawa, Ali Larter\par
After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash, he prevents the accident only to have Death hunt them down, one by one.\par
\par
36\par
Final Destination 2\par
2003\par
R\par
90 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
David R. Ellis\par
A.J. Cook, Ali Larter\par
When Kimberly has a violent premonition of a highway pileup she blocks the freeway, keeping a few others meant to die, safe...Or are they? The survivors mysteriously start dying and it's up to Kimberly to stop it before she's next.\par
\par
37\par
Final Destination 3\par
2006\par
R\par
93 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
James Wong\par
Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Ryan Merriman\par
In this third installment of the Final Destination series, a student's premonition of a deadly rollercoaster ride saves her life and a lucky few, but not from death itself which seeks out those who escaped their fate.\par
\par
38\par
The Final Destination\par
2009\par
R\par
82 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
David R. Ellis\par
Nick Zano, Krista Allen\par
After a young man's premonition of a deadly race-car crash helps saves the lives of his peers, Death sets out to collect those who evaded their end.\par
\par
39\par
Final Destination 5\par
2011\par
R\par
92 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Steven Quale\par
Nicholas D'Agosta, Emma Bell\par
Survivors of a suspension-bridge collapse learn there's no way you can cheat Death.\par
\par
40\par
Saw 2\par
2005\par
R\par
93 min\par
Horror\par
Darren Lynn Bousman\par
Donnie Wahlberg, Beverley Mitchell\par
A detective and his team must rescue eight people trapped in a factory by the twisted serial killer known as Jigsaw.\par
\par
41\par
Saw 3\par
2006\par
R\par
108 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Darren Lynn Bousman\par
Tobin Bell, Shawnee Smith\par
Jigsaw kidnaps a doctor to keep him alive while he watches his new apprentice put an unlucky citizen through a brutal test.\par
\par
42\par
Saw IV\par
2007\par
R\par
93 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Darren Lynn Bousman\par
Tobin Bell, Scott Patterson\par
Jigsaw and his apprentice Amanda are dead. Now, upon the news of Detective Kerry's murder, two seasoned FBI profilers, Agent Strahm and Agent Perez, arrive in the terrified community\par
\par
43\par
Saw V\par
2008\par
R\par
92 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
David Hackl\par
Scott Patterson, Costas Mandylor\par
Following Jigsaw's grisly demise, Mark Hoffman, the final apprentice to the serial killer is deigned a hero. Meanwhile, Agent Strahm continues to track Hoffman while another group of strangers are put through a series of gruesome traps.\par
\par
44\par
Saw VI\par
2009\par
R\par
90 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Kevin Greutert\par
Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor\par
Agent Strahm is dead, and FBI agent Erickson draws nearer to Hoffman. Meanwhile, a pair of insurance executives find themselves in another game set by jigsaw.\par
\par
45\par
Saw 3D: Final Chapter\par
2010\par
R\par
90 min\par
Horror / Mystery\par
Kevin Greutert\par
Tobin Bell, Costas Mandylor\par
As a deadly battle rages over Jigsaw's brutal legacy, a group of Jigsaw survivors gathers to seek the support of self-help guru and fellow survivor Bobby Dagen, a man whose own dark secrets unleash a new wave of terror.\par
\par
46\par
Dracula\par
1992\par
R\par
128 min\par
Horror \par
Francis Ford Coppola\par
Gary Oldman, Winona Ryder\par
The vampire comes to England to seduce a visitor's fianc\'e9e and inflict havoc in the foreign land.\par
\par
47\par
The Purge\par
2013\par
R\par
85 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
James DeMonaco\par
Ethan Hawke, Lena Headey\par
In the future, a wealthy family is held hostage for harboring the target of a murderous syndicate during the Purge, a 12-hour period in which any and all crime is legalized.\par
\par
48\par
The Purge: Anarchy\par
2014\par
R\par
103 min\par
Horror\par
James DeMonaco\par
Frank Grillo, Carmen Ejogo\par
Three groups of people are trying to survive Purge Night, when their stories intertwine and are left stranded in The Purge trying to survive the chaos and violence that occurs.\par
\par
49\par
As Above, So Below\par
2014\par
R\par
93 min\par
Horror / Mystery / Thriller\par
John Erick Dowdle\par
Perdita Weeks, Ben Feldman\par
When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead.\par
\par
50\par
Jessabelle\par
2014\par
PG-13\par
90 min\par
Horror / Thriller\par
Keven Greutert\par
Sarah Snook, Mark Webber\par
Returning to her childhood home in Louisiana to recuperate from a horrific car accident, Jessabelle comes face to face with a long-tormented spirit that has been seeking her return -- and has no intention of letting her escape.\par
\par
\par
}
 